# Satellite Communication System Simulation

GNU Radio is a open-source signal processing runtime and signal processing software development toolkit. Polaris is an open-source tool used for the exploration and analysis of satellite telemetry data by building machine learning models. High precision satellite orbit simulation and visualization. Orbitdeterminator: Automated satellite orbit determination. Astrodynamics simulation framework. OpenSAND is an user-friendly and efficient tool to emulate satellite communication systems, mainly DVB-RCS - DVB-S2. Simulink/C++ Platform for Aeronautics and Autonomy Research and Operations (SPAARO). AutonomySim is a high-fidelity, photorealistic simulator for multi-agent and -domain autonomous systems, intelligent robotic systems, or embodiment as it is known in the AI research community. Hopsan is a free open-source multi-domain system simulation. NASA Operational Simulator for Small Satellites. Open MCT (Open Mission Control Technologies) is a next-generation mission control framework for visualization of data on desktop and mobile devices. OrbisGIS is a cross-platform open-source Geographic Information System (GIS) created by research and for research. KubOS is an open-source software stack for satellites. Satellite Network Simulator 3 (SNS-3) is a satellite network extension to Network Simulator 3 (ns-3) platform. A simulation tool designed to model, analyze, and optimize satellite networks. The Open Space Toolkit (OSTk) is a collection of versatile libraries for aerospace engineering use. OS3, the Open Source Satellite Simulator, was developed as a framework for simulating various kinds of satellite-based communication, based on OMNeT++. Raster Vision is a Python library and framework for building computer vision models on satellite, aerial, and other large imagery sets (including oblique drone imagery). GeoSynth: Contextually-Aware High-Resolution Satellite Image Synthesis